resumable dataset upload (#4860)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- webknossos.org only: Accounts associated with new organizations can now be created even when a datastore is unreachable. The necessary folders are created lazily when needed. [#4846](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4846)
- When downloading a volume tracing, buckets containing a single 0 byte, that were created to restore older versions, are now skipped. [#4851](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4851)
- Task information CSV now contains additional column `creationInfo`, containing the original NML filename for tasks based on existing NMLs. [#4866](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4866)

> - The dataset upload is now more robust due to chunking. [#4860](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4860)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The dataset upload is now more robust and can recover from a failed upload of a data chunk. [#4860](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4860)
```
